---
layout: post
title: "Counting Object"
date: 2018-2-19
categories:
description:
permalink: /counter/

---

Design a **physical object** that can sit on a desk that allows a user to count up or down (one object that can accomplish *both* behaviors). The target audience is someone who wants to keep a numeric tally and have a physical reminder of their progress to display for themselves and others on their desk.

The single object should allow the user to easily record single increments of change – either counting forward toward a target or backwards from it.

Start with sketching - sketch the interaction as well as the physical object. Then prototype your object with cardboard, wood, paper, or whatever other physical material feels most appropriate. Try to design a counter that is as self-contained as possible!

## Personas

Below are two personas related to the assignment that may be helpful. You may also choose to define your own user for this assignment.

**Maria**<br>
Maria is a 30 year old PR Account Manger working at Havas. She finds her job boring and lives for her vacation. Some days she feels she cannot make it to 5pm without knowing that there is a vacation on the calendar. Maria is constantly tracking the number of days until her next vacation. She is looking for a fun way to motivate herself by tracking the number of days until her next vacation.

**Jon**<br>
Jon is a Sales Rep for Google. His job is very stressful and he has developed a bad habit of drinking too much coffee. He is trying to cut back because he can’t sleep at night. This winter he is up to 4-5 cups a day. Jon loves coffee and doesn’t want to quit, but he wants to scale back from almost 30 cups a week to a maximum of 15 cups per week. Jon is looking for a way to easily track his coffee consumption by counting the number of cups he drinks each week.

## Deliverables

Bring sketches *AND* a physical prototype to class. Also, document this experience to your blog and submit the link on Canvas.

***This exercise is worth 50 points and is due on Thursday, February 22nd.***
